Now before we deploy everything has one app lets just fixed as little styling issue in the end we're
getting this here from this div where we have the card which is getting rendered here for our user item
here which applies its own card style and where we don't have user item content which should overwrite
that is style.
Now the problem here is that the president's CEOs s use this here is such that our card style overrides
are a user item style here which should reset the padding to zero.
And the reason for that simply is related to the order of styles in which they're imported here into
our H.M. file.
Now a quick work around around that is that in user item here on padding we add to good old important
flag or.
This allows us to ensure that this definitely gets added.
Alternatively since we know that this will be applied on our card we could also make our rule here a
bit more specific and say this applies when you have a card style combined with that which would override
the raw card style.
So the pure card C is S class being added.
This is how you could adjust as to make sure that the styling looks the way it should.
That however was just a minor thing.
Still I wanted to share my thoughts on that here.
The main thing I'm interested here is of course how we can now make sure that we serve both react front
and note Express back and from the same server because thus far we were of course using two servers.